[Music]
why a Rolex watch is so expensive if you
asked people what they thought the best
watch in the world was most of them
would probably assure you that it's a
Rolex the most influential people in the
history of humankind have been spotted
wearing a Rolex on their wrist well
let's go further and ask people about
the price of this wonder watch very
expensive will be the most common reply
but is there any reason why this brand
cost so much watch this video and you'll
be able to quench your curiosity and the
cherry on top will be some unexpected
facts about the most expensive things in
the world but before you submerge
yourself into this world of luxury
remember to subscribe to our Channel and
turn on notifications this way you'll
always be the first to know about daily
updates from the bright side of life
some people believe that they'd have to
sell their leg to buy a Rolex watch but
in fact the price of the least expensive
models such as the Oyster Perpetual
ladies watch starts at $4,000 as for the
mythical Submariner that James Bond once
owned you can find one for $6,500
sure there are certain watches that can
cost up to $70,000 but even at a price
of several thousand dollars Rolex
watches our excellent value for the
money if you care for them they will
serve you for up to 20 years and if you
care for them really really well you'll
have a lifetime partnership Rolex is in
a world of its own respected and valued
all over the globe and there's much
mystery behind the manufacturing process
of this brand at Rolex there's a strict
rule of no photos nobody knows for sure
how many watches of each model are
produced but there are some cool facts
that we do know Rolex has its own
scientific laboratory they also have a
research and development department to
be precise Rolex has several perfectly
equipped professional laboratories in
different locations in these labs
specialists research how to make new
watches and how to make their
manufacturing process more efficient for
its watches Rolex uses steel that is
particularly difficult to machine this
steel is also more expensive than most
other types though it's undoubtedly
better looking
no other watch manufacturer uses this
kind of steel their material is more
corrosion and rust resistant and it's
also harder than other types of steel
rolex has its own foundry on the
premises an in-house foundry owned by
Rolex makes its own gold which is later
used for manufacturing watches rolex has
several steel suppliers but platinum and
gold are made on the premises
this makes rolex the only watch producer
that produces its own gold in its own
foundry rolex watches are assembled by
hand since rolex is pretty secretive
about the topic of watch production it's
a common misconception that their
watches are built by machines there's
some element of truth in this statement
as machines are used at some stages of
the process
but there's more to it rolex has some of
the finest and most sophisticated watch
making machinery in the world it's used
for filing cataloging and incredibly
delicate processes at the same time most
of the machines are operated by people
on top of that people assemble
everything from bracelets to movements
Rolex can put Fort Knox to shame it
shouldn't surprise you that Rolex is
crazy about security it's no wonder with
all those precious metals and watches
with many thousands of dollars lying
around so if you decide to try and gain
entry be prepared for numerous James
Bond style safety checks you'll find a
small army of gemologist set Rolex Rolex
has high standards for the materials
that are used for manufacturing their
watches the same goes for the precious
stones they use rubies diamonds and
emeralds adorn Rolex watches that's why
there's a whole Gemological department
that buys tests and sets precious stones
and rolex watches one interesting source
revealed that out of the twenty million
diamonds rolex gemologist have tested
over the years only two turned out to be
fake they need one year to produce one
Rolex watch yes you heard us correctly
to produce one single watch Rolex needs
a whopping 365 days the reason for such
a long production time is the fact that
almost all of the parts are made from
materials prepared in-house also once
all the parts of a Rolex watch are ready
workers assemble them mostly by hand
and each watch is tested individually
since the brand produces about 1 million
watches a year you can imagine how
efficient this process must be when you
get to know such details you stop
wondering why you have to pay a fortune
for a seemingly simple watch at the same
time you may still have some questions
about the exorbitant price of several
other things at least we do here are
some super expensive things that can
leave you at a loss for words one
feather of the Huia bird will cost you
ten thousand dollars
the Huia bird is an extinct animal and
perhaps that's the reason why a single
feather of this creature was sold to an
anonymous buyer for a whopping ten
thousand dollars well this feather was
the only thing that remained of the Huia
bird but still that's a whole Rolex
$1,000,000 for a parking spot if you
live in Manhattan you probably know that
every piece of land there carries a
crazy price tag as for a parking spot it
can turn out to be six times more
expensive than the average American
house the very parking spot that costs 1
million dollars is situated in downtown
Manhattan what can you do with such an
exorbitant ly expensive piece of land
aha perhaps you could use it to park
your gold-plated Bugatti Veyron which
costs 10 million and is also found on
our chart of the most extravagant things
in the world as if owning a Bugatti
Veyron wasn't enough a billionaire from
the Middle East wanted to customize his
car as a result the car was fitted with
gold plates isn't it nice when a car
enthusiast knows what they want a
magnetic floating bed for 1.6 million
dollars if you aren't satisfied with the
quality of your mattress or the shape of
your bed frame why not buy a bed that
will float several feet above the floor
mind you it's not a visual illusion the
producers of this bed used new
technologies to achieve the effect a
magnetic system keeps the bed floating
in the air and the bed won't fall even
if a dozen people try to check its
stability this piece of furniture can
bear more than 2,000 pounds a crystal
piano for 3.2 million dollars this piano
is the most expensive pianos to
it's not so modest price tag is three
point twenty two million dollars this
musical instrument is made completely of
crystal in Beijing the piano was used
during the opening of the Olympic Games
a building named and killya costs
approximately two billion dollars at
first sight you might mistake this house
for call office building but in fact
it's a twenty seven storey home where an
indian billionaire and his family live
Mukesh Ambani the owner of the house is
the richest man in India and one of the
20 wealthiest people in the world the
six lowest levels of the building
accommodate parking spaces for a hundred
and sixty eight cars above that there's
a lobby with nine elevators leading to
the living quarters there's a huge
ballroom with a ceiling that's almost
completely covered with crystal
chandeliers another convenient facility
of the house is a helipad which allows
the inhabitants of the house to ignore
traffic congestion and go wherever they
want there are also numerous swimming
pools a health spa a yoga studio a
theater an ice room with real snow a
conference room on the top floor
with a panoramic view of the Arabian Sea
and Hanging Gardens six hundred people
work full-time in the house to keep it
in working order by the way until iya
was constructed to survive any natural
disaster the history supreme yacht has a
4.5 billion dollar price tag and if you
think that a home costing two billion
dollars is too much what will you say
about a yacht that costs about four and
a half billion dollars well obviously
it's a highly unusual yacht first of all
only unique and super expensive
materials were used during its
construction
for example the yacht itself is made
exclusively of gold and platinum it's
decorated with several fascinating
statues that have real dinosaur bones in
their composition the yacht is also
adorned with tiny meteorites the owner
of this wonder is a Malaysian
businessman named Robert Koch however
some people deny the existence of this
yacht saying that it's just a clever PR
campaign it's up to you whether you
believe that somewhere there's a golden
platinum yacht exploring the waters of
faraway oceans
which of these unbelievably expensive
things would you like to have why tell
us about your dreams in the comments
below
remember to give us a thumbs up it
motivates us to create new videos to
make things more interesting on the
bright side of life